Multi Threading:
  *in a program or in an application when two or more threads execute their task simultaneously then it is called multi threading..
  *YES, java supports multi threading.
  
  *There are Two ways we can create thread in java:
     1.by extending Thread class.
     2.By implementing Runnable interface.
     
Types of Threads:
   There are Two types of Threads are there in java.
   *User Thread:
       user threads are created by application or user.
       these are high priority threads.
       JVM will not exit until user threads finish their execution.
       JVM will wait for user thread to finish their task.
       
   *Daemon Threads:
       Daemon threads are created by JVM.
       these are low priority threads.
       JVM will not wait for daemon threads .
       daemon threads are used in garbage collection.
       
 Default Daemon status of thread:
    Default daemon status of thread inherited from its parent thread.
    if thread created by user thread will be user thread.
    thread created by daemon thread will be daemon thread.
    isDaemon() method is used to check whether thread is daemon or not.
    
Can we convert user thread into daemon thread and vice versa:
    YES, we can convert user thread into daemon thread and vice versa. by using setDaemon() method .
    but it has to call before starting the thread .
    if we call after starting thread it will give illegal thread state exception.
    
Is is Possible to give name to Thread:
   Yes ,it possible to give name to thread.
   by passing as argument while creating thread.
   or by using setName() method.
           
       
  Do two threads can have same name? If yes then how do you identify the threads having the same name?   
  
     YES, two threads can have same name.
     to identify threads with same name we have to use Thread ID.
     by using getID() method.
     
     
  What are MIN_PRIORITY, NORM_PRIORITY and MAX_PRIORITY?
  
      MIN_PRIORITY ,NORM_PRIORITY ,MAX_PRIORITY  are three constant fields in java.lang.Thread class. which defines lowest,normal,highest priority of threads.
      
      
      MIN_PRIORITY:    it defines the lowest priority of thread.it values is=1
      NORM_PRIORITY:   it defines the normal priority of thread .value is =5;
      MAX_PRIORITY: it defines the highest priority of thread values is=10
      
      
  What is the default priority of a thread? Can we change it? If yes, how? 
  
     default priority of thread is same as parent thread priority.
     we can change of priority   of thread using setPriority() method.
      
       